I remember when Qu Lili was just found
I offered to remove me from the family tree of Qu
I can give birth by myself
Qu Lili, I advise you to take care of your own friends
I have no interest in discussing family affairs with you in public
This pile of cuffs wraps me up
10 minutes later
You see
Yanyan, I don't have enough money for you
Don't make it so embarrassing here
How bad it looks
Wait for me for 10 minutes
Go back to my room immediately
Miss, this is not okay
Since you have no money to buy it
Then you can only give it to other guests
Yanyan, stop making trouble
What if you give you 10 minutes
Are you going to steal or rob
Sorry, this is the 0 you like first, and it belongs to you.